=head1 NAME

certain.cfg - Configuration file for Certain X509 Certificate Management Service

=head1 SYNTAX

B<[section]>

B<key> = value

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This file contains the configuration options for certain.  Each line contains a single option, these options being divided into sections within the configuration file.  Quotes should not be used on configuration values, and leading spaces after the '=' will be stripped.  Comments are indicated with a hash sign ('B<#>').

=head1 OPTIONS

Recommended/suggested options shown below.

=head2 [global]

B<LogLevel = INFO>

LogLevel can be one of DEBUG, INFO, WARN, ERR, CRITICAL


B<LogFile = /var/log/certain.log>

File to write logs to


B<LogSize = 2000000>

Size to grow logfile to before rotation (bytes)


B<LogRotate = 5>

Number of old rotated logfiles to keep


B<RootPath = /etc/certain>

Root path for all Certain sub-directories


B<CAPath = %(RootPath)s/CA>

Path to store CA certificate (master)


B<CAPrivatePath = %(RootPath)s/CA/private>

Path to store CA private key (master)


B<CertPath = %(RootPath)s/certs>

Path to store 'own' certificates


B<PrivatePath = %(RootPath)s/private>

Path to store 'own' private keys


B<CSRCache = %(RootPath)s/CSRCache>

Path to store received CSR files awaiting signing


B<StoreDir = %(RootPath)s/store>

Path of certificate store


B<IsMaster = 1>

Is this computer the master? (boolean)


B<MasterAddress = certain>

Default address for Master


B<MasterPort = 35182>

Default port for Master


B<MasterSeqPort = 35183>

Default port for master UUID sequence generator


B<Algorithm = sha256>

Algorithm to use for signing certs.

Can be one of B<sha1, md5, sha224, sha256, ripemd160>


=head2 [master]

B<AutoSign = 0>

Should the master automatically sign certificates without any verification? (boolean)


B<HostVerify = 0>

Should the Certificate CN field match the hostname that sent the CSR? (boolean)


B<ExpiryNotifiers = log email>

Types of notifications to send when CA is due to expire.

A space-separated list of: B<log email>


B<NotifyFrequency = 86400>

How frequently to send Notification messages for expired CA certificates (seconds)


=head2 [store]

B<StoreType = web>

Store plugin to use for storing signed certificates.

One of: B<none, svn, git, web, webserver, webdav, multiplex>


B<StoreUrl = https://certain/certs>

URL corresponding to the location of the chosen Store.


B<PollTimer = 3600>

How often to poll the store for new certificates (0 disables polling)


B<StoreServer = webserver>

Which storeserver plugin to run (provides that store service if you don't wish to use a 3rd party service).


=head2 [ca]

B<CACert = certain.crt>

Name of CA certificate file


B<CAKey = certain.key>

Name of CA key file


B<CACSR = certain.csr>

Name of CA CSR file (provided if 3rd-party signing of the CA is needed).


B<Bits = 2048>

Keylength of the CA


B<Email = CA@Certain>

Email address field of CA


B<CN = Certain CA>

Common Name field of CA


B<OU = Certain Unit>

Organisational Unit field of CA


B<O = Certain Org>

Organisation field of CA


B<L = Certain City>

Location field of CA


B<ST = Certain State>

State field of CA


B<C = UK>

Country field of CA


B<CALifetime = 315360000>

Lifetime of CA certificate (seconds)


B<ExpiryDeadline = 608400>

Time before CA expiry to begin sending expiry notifications (seconds)


=head2 [cert]

B<CN = client.example.com>

Common Name field of client certificate


B<Email = admin@client.example.com>

Email address field of client certificate


B<OU = Certain Unit>

Organisational Unit field of client certificate


B<O = Certain Org>

Organisation field of client certificate


B<L = Certain City>

Location field of client certificate


B<ST = Certain State>

State field of client certificate


B<C = UK>

Country field of client certificate


B<CertLifetime = 315360000>

Lifetime of client certificate (seconds)


B<ExpiryDeadline = 608400>

Time before client certificate expiry to send new CSR (seconds)


=head2 [email]

Note: CA expiry notification emails will be sent to the email address
given in the CA Email field.

B<SMTPServer = smtp.example.com>

SMTP Server to send Expiry Notification emails with


B<FromAddress = certain@example.com>

From Address for Expiry Notification emails


=head2 [webserver]

B<WebDir = /var/www/html/certs>

Directory to write certificates to (being served by StoreServer webserver, or 3rd party webserver, e.g Apache)


B<ServerPort = 32184>

Port for webserver to listen on (if using StoreServer webserver)


=head1 FILES

/etc/certain/certain.cfg

=head1 SEE ALSO

certain(1)
